hey what's going on glad to see you guys
back here once again uh motherboards
that are you guys know me I'm Alaric and
today we're gonna introduce a new
product to you guys from the people over
at sapphire now fans of the AMD series
of cars know that right now there's a
price war going on between the people at
AMD and the people at Nvidia and that
pans out being good for you do you guys
don't know all the price and all the
cards have been slashed by at least 50
bucks now this car we're looking at
today this is the new vapor x gigahertz
edition of the HD 7970 this card is
geared from multi monitor technology so
what I mention that a lot of people out
there asked what the 60 gigabyte card is
about the six gigabyte card is about
multi-monitor Eyefinity technology the
three gigabyte card if you're using a
standard monitor is gonna play all your
game but when you start doing
resolutions of 78 60 by 1440 or larger
you're needing plenty of pixel pumping
action and those six gigabytes come in
as a powerhouse with that said let's do
the unboxing of first look at this brand
new product from sapphire
all right everybody it's like any good
unboxing we're gonna start off with
booth obviously the books so here's the
sapphire logo it's the HD 7970 fake 4x
gigahertz edition if you guys don't know
what vapor-x is it's their special breed
of clean which keeps the card running
very very well you guys all know by now
it's pcie 3.0 high affinity support
right out of the box 4 monitors the card
also has a dual BIOS and it features the
ECOC boost which basically you're gonna
hit a little switch 1 is 950 1 is a
thousand it's obviously the 6 gigabyte
edition so it's meant for multi monitor
technology I know you guys are always
asking why get the 6 gigabyte edition
the 60 gigabyte edition is not made to
be faster than the 680 I know there's
been a lot of controversy about that
that's not what this card was geared for
this car was actually geared for kicking
ass on multi monitor technology on a 680
and it actually does that so it does
what it says put there on the back not
much there got the chick once again she
was in the front of the box to giving us
attitude like she's some crazy and deep
bra with a pissed off attitude well
that's it we'll go ahead and start
hitting this little tape off you're not
even using knives last time in boxing's
get the box out here one thing good
about these guys though they always do
give you a lot of shizmik inside of
their box I mean you get their stuff
they have a lot of stuff
so check that out oh look at that right
side up I've mastered the art of the
sapphire box here's the car but we'll
get that the next let's talk about the
accessories because those are really
usually sensible types of art that have
a pretty good warranty program to go
check it out lots of stuff from the box
from these guys always and pull it out
so I set it back in the box so he's
gonna be kind difference they're doing
an unboxing I'll do a Reebok Singh
here we go right here we can see we've
got the mini displayport just standard
display port adapter HDMI cable next up
we have the molex to eight pens so if
you guys have old-school power supplies
that don't have the to eight pink
connectors you can hook this up to your
old power supply make sure you have
enough power to power your car to make
sure you always plug those in next up we
have the main display port two DVI
connector you're gonna be wanting to use
this pay attention this cable because
you're going to need it when you do your
Eyefinity setup very important the
crossfire connector cable this cart can
be used in Quad crossfire configurations
here's the DVI to VGA connector driver
CD and case pad which is now flying all
over the place
case badge good stuff and last but not
least the sapphire graphics for quick
installation guide and then run Junta
the sapphire Club you join this club and
this takes care of water warrantied
stuff lets you get a contest all the
rest so now let's look at the beast of
the club so Rock the bat folks let me
just tell you this card is heavy
it actually is this car weighs quite a
bit I'm gonna go ahead and pull it all
out of here now this thing is a giant
sized kardama set it down so the cameron
can some better angles he hates it when
I move all over the place like a like a
wild man but he'll I am a wild man I'm
Rick this guy expects but anyways let's
check it out
two fans right here on top clearly see
it says vapor X now vapor X technology
it's pretty much a lot like the directs
to you stuff you see from a zhuzh think
those guys use kind of similar type
technologies this directly mouths drawn
unto your GPU
then goes out into the aluminum heat
pens and you have all of these pipes
right here which are the heat pipes and
they help take all that heat away from
your GPU lying to be cool and then these
fans they blow that heat further away
from the card
here's your pcie 3.0 interface now it's
really hard to tell us by looking at but
the people at sapphire do use very very
high quality components you hear
everybody out there at the wine names on
a Mike military class to this that or
the other these guys use their own
version of Black Diamond parts and
they're their own stuff it's really good
flip it around just give you guys
another angle of the card
in fact I'll try to angle just a little
bit more here so you guys can see inside
the car for the Camry and get a good
shot of that will flip it around the
side over here I'll spin the angle
around so you guys get a better look at
that so first off I'm gonna spin it
around one more time all these different
angles but let's look at the back so one
thing I really like about this card I
know all of you guys are going to agree
having the PCB completely covered I
think is awesome that means I can set
the car down and have to worry about any
my electronical components getting broke
because they're all covered by a shield
so up here on top we're gonna go over
here we have a couple things here here
are the two crossfire fingers and then
right underneath here is the boost
button it's a little bit hard to see but
it's in there right here click it on
click it off
down here we go further than the card we
see the two 8-pin power connectors and
just for an alternate view of the cards
you guys can see that those are probably
gonna see what's inside your system got
a couple nice little light gizmos right
here let's see the rear i/o of the card
we've got two DVI one HDMI and we can
see AMD is continuing on their trail of
two mini display ports
I really wish these guys would change
this I really prefer a standard display
port cable I know you guys can work with
Mac for years to listen just to give you
information Apple you no longer have a
deal so change your cart technology I
say that with love but anyways folks
there it is that's it man HD 7970 six
gigabyte goodness vapor-x gigahertz
edition dual BIOS boost switch all kinds
of crazy also folks you can feel
like doing a little bit of a fat PAP go
over and check out the link in the
description below we will show you a
full on high resolution prong gallery of
this new card
peace out look for the reviews in a few
days